# Zidio_development_2
Description :
Our Job Listing Portal is a dynamic web
application designed to connect job
seekers with potential employers
efficiently. It features a clean and
intuitive interface where users can easily
search for job openings across various
industries. Employers can create detailed
job listings, specifying qualifications,
responsibilities, and company
information. Job seekers can create
profiles, upload resumes, and apply for
jobs directly through the portal. The
portal offers advanced search filters,
including job type, location, and salary
range, to help users find the perfect
match. With real-time notifications, both
employers and applicants stay updated
on application statuses. Secure user
authentication ensures data privacy and
protection. The portal also includes a
dashboard for users to manage their job
postings and applications seamlessly.
